'Q3': 'Check all of the following that apply to you:'
'Q4': 'Check all of the following that apply to you:'
'Q5': 'Check all of the following that apply to you:'
'Q6': 'Think about your time in CS classes. Check all of the following that apply to you:'
'Q7': 'I have a faculty whom I perceive as a role model'
'Q8': 'I have considered leaving my computer science-related field of study.'
'Q9': 'A faculty member or an administrator has encouraged me to drop out.'
'Q10': 'At my university, students from every background have an equal chance to succeed.'
'Q11': 'I feel adequately supported by the CS department and the resources offered by the department.'
'Q12': 'I  feel comfortable using Brown Computer Science physical spaces (sunlab, CIT lobby, atrium, lecture halls, fishbowl, etc).'
'Q13': 'Imposter syndrome is the persistent inability to believe that one's success is deserved or has been legitimately achieved as a result of one's own efforts or skills. Have you experienced imposter syndrome in a CS course at Brown?'
'Q14': 'Someone has once claimed to me that _____ has unfairly contributed to my acceptance to Brown. Check all that apply to you.'
'Q15': 'Someone has once claimed to me that _____ has unfairly given me an advantage in gaining job opportunities. Check all that apply to you.'
'Q16': 'Check all of the following that you agree with. I believe that conscious and unconscious biases against certain groups based on ______ still exist today.'
'Q17': 'Please rate the degree to which you agree or disagree with the following statement. I believe organizations whose purpose is to support underrepresented or marginalized groups, such as (but not limited to) Women in Computer Science, Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers, National Society of Black Engineers, are still needed today.'
'Q18': 'Sexual harassment is defined as unwelcome sexual advances, requests for sexual favors and other verbal or physical conduct of a sexual nature. Have you ever been sexually harassed?'
'Q19': 'Have you or someone you know been sexually harassed?'
'Q20': 'Sexual assault is defined as intentional sexual contact, characterized by use of force, threats, intimidation, abuse of authority or when the victim does not or cannot consent. Have you ever been sexually assaulted?'
'Q21': 'Have you or someone you know been sexually assaulted?'
